# Feb, 22 2025 PT3

# **Context**

<h6>***Please read PT1 as there's some stuff I left out in this,***</h6>
This was written on Oct 5, 2025, but it made the most sense to make this a PT3 to an existing transparency report because it made no sense by itself.



### **Highlights** 

In this doc, I’ve made some highlights to point out some stuff and connect them together. Stuff that is bolded is also worth pointing out but couldn’t be connected with anything else in a non-confusing manner.

**MKDocs Material:**  With how MKDocs Material  works, or we just don't know how we to highlight in different colors, so just for this, you'll see numbers like this ^0^. The PDF uses highlights.

## **The Feb 2 Staff Drama In CHH**

I wanted to give my POV of what happened and what resulted in this incident on August 28, 2024\. 2 of CHH's (now known as UFN again) staff members were boycotting against higher-up staff of SCN for banning someone on the basis of altered screenshots to make a person look bad and to start drama. The 2 CHH staff members heard that I helped design and make The old we used to have back then so me and 2 other staff member of SCN were brought in to a telegram group being pinged and constantly being pressured to take down the forum post making comment like “I don’t care” when asking them to stop and explaining I didn’t make it because helping designed and making meant I was the one who made the post so it's my fault it existed even tho I had nothing to do with it, I didn’t even vote for this member to be banned I left the telegram group **from being overwhelmed**^2^ and KentuckyHawk followed suite because they were heated, and they **wouldn’t calm down**^1^ Clonn stayed back waiting out their anger, and they posted the unaltered screenshot the proving the banned member was in the clear. Fast-forward to Feb 2nd. This was kind of left on hold because it was a stressful event, but the co-founder of CHH wanted to **quarantine** the staff member that harassed me, but instead they went after both of them and **flat-out revoked their staff roles** till they figured out what would be a fitting punishment because it's been a few months. So we (SCN) or CHH couldn’t hold any ground to terminate them; it has been too long to justify it anyway. The staff members found out they got their staff roles removed and thought they were terminated, which they were not, and nobody communicated that, go figure, so they proceeded to voice their frustrations, and the co-founder proceeded to tell them to "de-escalate," and to be fair, one of them said, "Shush, you, not to piss me off. I don't have time for y'all's bullshit today." which was a bit hostile, but telling someone to "de-escalate" when they're just ranting \- I really can't blame them, and the co-founder kicked them after a while so the founder at the time the fonder and the 2 aggravated staff members got into a voice call the co-fonder joined and one of the staff members said “shut up, I don’t want to hear anything from you,” and **once again they were heated**^1^ and explained how the situation it was “settled.” but they missed the point they thought it was cause of a twitter post the staff member posted, and it was not they harassed an SCN staff member after being told to stop countless times, and they double down stating that **I left said group because I was mad**^2^ not because I was overwhelmed. Then the co-founder proceeded to get hostile, stating that if that was someone else, they could have been the reason; they could be responsible for pushing someone to suicide and get in trouble for it *(which, depending on the state, yeah, if they can prove that they wouldn’t have committed suicide if the person didn’t do what they did, but please look this up yourselves; we aren’t a law firm)*. Fortunately, that didn’t happen; I’m alive and well. Let’s put this to the side. Do you see a pattern? These 2 staff members often get aggravated, and leaving a group that took it as “Oh, they were mad”? Didn’t even consider that not everyone can handle being pressured like that, because telling someone to stop in argument is a fairly universal way to imply “you're overwhelming me” But I guess they were never given that memo.

## **Epilogue**   
The staff members were given their roles back, and the original founder stepped down. He didn't really care for the server anymore, as he could never really get it active. CHH was passed on to Clonn and rebranded to UFN once more.


[Download :material-download:](/assets/Transparency Reports/SCN-Transparency-Report-3[2_22_25].pdf){ .md-button :download }