# Feb, 22 2025 PT1

## **Staff Drama In CHH**

On February 2nd, 2025, staff members of CHH had a disagreement over being demoted for harassment towards an SCN staff member back when a member was falsely network banned because the screenshots that we were sent as proof were edited to frame the user. It was later investigated, and the ban was later lifted. The owner of the server planned to demote the individuals until they got word that the situation was settled. This change of the plan was not communicated. 

Based on a previous go-ahead stated months prior, a staff member demoted the individuals without warning or communicating with the owner. This gap in communication lead to a group chat being made, where the owner and effected individuals attempted to sort things out. The member responsible for the demotion later joined for clarification when one of the demoted parties stated, “Shut up, I don’t want to hear anything from you,” causing the call to get heated. The user left, realizing that it was just going to get worse. In the end, it was just a ridiculous situation; their roles were reinstated, and a meeting was conducted for new protocols to be put in place to stop it from happening again.


## **Cutting Ties With Notion**?

In recent years we have been trying to cut ties with Notion; we generally see them as really scummy and another company that's doing everything to nickel and dime you by locking anything and everything behind a paywall such as dark theme, so your visitors don’t lose their eyesight late at night, which was a key press away till the sudden paywall for $10/mo. Now you might say, “Hey, that's not bad,” but that's per user, which, as of writing this transparency report, we have 8 staff members making it $80/mo. Everyone here is part of the commonwealth, so that eats into our wallets like crazy, so we wanted to come to you, our community, for advice and possible replacements.


[Download :material-download:](<a href="https://nightfuryvg.github.io/SCN-Docs/assets/Transparency%20Reports/SCN-Transparency-Report-1[1_22_25].pdf" download></a>){ .md-button }