# Jan, 23 2025

## **Introduction**

If you're unfamiliar with what these reports, they are typically to notify Users that an Organization had to disclose info for DMCA Requests/Law Enforcement Requests/DDoS Attacks or if they suffered a data breach.

We plan to expand on that idea to give us a chance to be more transparent with our shimming community, Instead of being another opaque organization that tells you to pound sand every chance they get.

#### **So? What are you going to do differently?**

We are going to include stuff such as Internal Drama/Raids/Ban/Kick/Network Punishments/Inquiries by staff and our community

## **Our Site**

Hello, as you may know, we lost the funding for our current site. If you didn’t know, we were paying up to $50/mo for our new site/forums, so… We’re looking at our options. There are some paths we could go down, so let's lay them out.

* We Keep the current site/forum with the uncertainty of keeping it up
* Scale down the current site so we can drop it to $24/mo but lose the forum
* Scale down the current site And switch Forums to an Open source one
* Make a whole new site and forum and drop it down to $10/mo

So let’s break everything down except the first point, which is self-explanatory. So what do we mean by scaling down? We’ll remove the forum and delete your accounts. And you won’t be able to log in anymore; next there's scaling down and switching the forums to an open-source one, meaning we can use whatever provider we want and can host for much cheaper, dropping our cost down to $29/mo. And then there’s the last point. Make a whole new site and forum, and there’s a massive problem with that: we don’t know HTML. The reason we’re paying so much is we made that site with a website builder, meaning we have to put up with the price they give us; we can’t just export the site and host it ourselves. And if you're wondering, yes, we’ve looked for open-source ones, and all of them were painstakingly unintuitive or cost too much. We left out WordPress, which is PHP and a pain to get running on bare metal, a.k.a. our own hardware, and it just sucks because we are sick of paying so much.

## **Donations**?

TBH, we have been running back and forth on the idea of having the ability to donate to us via [Liberapay](https://liberapay.com/starlightcommunitynetwork), but we never had set it up because we were debating if we wanted to, but I guess if people really want to chip in and give us a hand, I guess we can; we will make an announcement if we do so.

## **That's it!**

This is our first-ever transparency report. We hope you appreciate a look into SCN, and we hope we can make more of these and keep you informed and feeling more connected with our shimmering community. Stay safe!


[Download :material-download:](/assets/Transparency Reports/SCN-Transparency-Report[1_23_25].pdf){ .md-button :download }
